d2d
	world
		map
		collision_tile 
		shaper
	collision
		checker
		shaper
		solver
		spatiable
		tools
	video??? (at least we should be able to draw this shit openGL style...)
		camera???? this should be part of the engine, right?
	storage
		map_loader

next step:
	Try gravity. The interesting part is "how do we integrate it?" A gravity
class?
	use the whole "margin for the center in entity thing"
	add the ability to use custom shapers.
	I guess slopes
	Or moving blocks, which were originally there too.

---------------------

struct gravity {

	d2d::motion::motion_vector force;
	void apply_to(d2d::motion::motion_vector&, float); 
}

	and... is there something else, actually? all it takes is to add this
	vector to the velocity of an actor properly integrated with the delta
	time and voilá.

	I think it is much more difficult to control when a collision happens due
	to gravity and stuff, when to ignore it, etc. We had it right in the 
	previous game, with all this "state" things...

	I guess there is also a question here of "how much can we integrate
	here with the rest of the engine as to avoid repeating work?". Maybe
	asking that question shows us a different approach to this matter.

	Having a constant pull downwards in the Y axis is not a problem per-se:
	the collision detection will quickly correct that, is the myriad of 
	little problems that arise from this and end adding up:

		- if colliding with the floor resets Y momentum to zero, when do
		we apply upwards momentum to jump? It should be before the collision
		phase.

		- if colliding with the floor triggers something, how can we avoid
		triggering it constantly? Well, our solution has always been to know
		if we are "on ground". Maybe there are other avenues to explore here:
			e.g. is the final position the SAME we were in? Then we are not
			colliding with the floor.
			- check the Y difference with the previous position. Boom. Done.
			- and how exactly could we integrate this in the engine? This is
			the part where shit gets usually all tangled up.

		- actually, checking for a collision before applying corrections
		and stuff could save some cycles.

